I bring you the tutorial of the new
vortex curves of reggae present
previously
I'll put it on and we'll see how they are for
where
at 301
I do not know we have
Y
let's put them
all these days that I have tried it
been you are quite comfortable
I have not complained, I liked it a lot
How are they
of sexual not that same material that
the victories
but
it seems that only the performance has been
good
well I have these
in the range boots has gone down as the
luck of victory
they do not find
in the control condition but in the groin
light
of the weather if it's raining that does not
also the water or is good but they are
uncomfortable
some things that there are also
and we see everything with the arm
here we are we are going to
steal them
I'm a big fan of Real Madrid.
I really like this
during christian
follow me
It is a novelty but not very favorite
now simple
ah
or not
many
m
commented
as already discounted a button
vote very well
Y
ah
and a lot
who believe who the best player
of the world
ah
quite
liked
they say they are very comfortable
I have two more
of mercury
to his mentor
He says
clear that things
I like it a lot and sincerely
I share the opinion of many who are
some stories that could only please
cristian because he made them is nothing
more because of that I was seems they are very
good
I like them a lot I do not know what you think
leave in the comments please
and about who is the best in the world
also think what today is the gala of the
golden ball and I'm interested to know who
in you that deserves it
and who is the best in the bush but here
this is the arm that world
and it was also a Christmas gift
x the fifa fifa word with brazil
educated
and good
thanks for watching is the tutorial
this has been everything I will practically make a
tutorial on these
those that had animal before
logically I will do it and I will explain them very
well thanks